He? I? Him? Or at least I think I do? Him? Me? Lets just go with me. Anyways, Something's already missing. A wall, maybe. A word. A… reason? My room shifts like it's tired of being remembered. Sitting up slowly the way a memory might awake from a dream, half formed and already fading. Standing up I walk around an almost alien room, I’m fairly certain it's mine. Though I don't know for sure. The sticky note on the door with oh so familiar handwriting stares back at me in the morning sun. “Don’t forget again - Mum”. Don’t forget what exactly? I blink slowly, my hands shaking with an unfamiliar sensation, are these even my hands? They shake like I'm supposed to be remembering something, like my body understands what to do but my mind doesn’t understand.


Again before I leave for… somewhere. I hear a soft knock on my door, Someone I think I recognize comes in, speaking so softly as if I might break. Like an unworking clock that's lost its meaning, “You always forget.” they say with a smile that doesn't reach their eyes, like they’ve said it a thousand times. With a sigh they start to tell me… My schedule? Feeding me facts and memories like they are sugar cubes. You are this, you need to do that, you are doing this, you live here, blah, blah, blah, you forget, you always forget. Over and over and over again. They write these things down, knowing they’ll have to do it again and again and again. I feel like I should remember these things, but these thoughts are already starting to slip from my mind, a horrible limbo that I should be aware about, and yet… Wait? What was I talking about? Eh, it doesn't matter.


As they walk away, I begin my day following their instructions to a T. Going through my day, trying to memorize the people who walk past, even though deep down I know it's no use. Time becomes a hallway with too many doors. Doors that have different meanings, different faces. Most of them locked, some faked. I open one after the other, finding only echoes and scraps of information I used to know. Those scratched out faces keep making noises, screaming and whining, frustration, doubt. Sadness. Anger. They won’t stop yelling at me. Repeating those same words “Stop forgetting, you keep forgetting. You always forget.” they say again and again, The day blurs, the words on this piece of paper I have in my hands start to mold together. As the setting sun starts to fade. I can only return to my bed. His bed? The person from the morning comes in one last time. My mother. My mother speaks in a soft voice. “I love you, Son. I’ll do this again and again, because I love you. Goodnight.”, the sounds dim. I’m alone again. He’s alone again. He lays down to close his eyes Waking up to another day.


He? I? Him? Or at least I think I do? Him? Me? Lets just go with me.

The end?

