Said Sean Felix as he staggered up from the dimly lit alley he lay in. His legs aching and his head throbbing. Sean couldn’t tell where he was or how he got there. He leaned on the slimy and unkempt wall as he started to limp in a random direction. As dread and confusion washed over Sean, he heard the quiet ding of a phone in his pocket. Taking it out slowly he flipped it open and saw at least 10 unread messages and unanswered calls from his mother. With a shaky hand, Sean pressed the call button. He waited and waited. Anxiously looking around his surroundings. Maybe it was just his imagination… The walls started to groan and creak as they closed in. He felt trapped, confused and most importantly, Afraid.


“Sean? Sean, Honey is that you?”

Sean’s mothers voice echoed, temporarily bringing him out of his all too familiar dark place.

“Sean? Sean, Hello? Please speak…”

She said in almost a desperate whisper. But Sean felt something off… Like something that didn’t quite belong. He searched through his mind. The deepest recesses of his soul, all while his mother only grew more anxious.

“Come home, Sean. Come back home.”

Those words ‘come back home’ didn't sit right with him. Then a suppressed memory came to light. With a gentle and almost soft voice Sean said.

“You died…”

The silence on the other end was deafening then, the call cuts, leaving Sean alone once more.


Putting his phone back in his pocket he started to limp down the alley. Soft whispers filled his ears as he walked through the jarring and twisting walls. The grime felt like hands grabbing at him. Pleading for him to stay. His heart started to quicken and poor Sean started having a panic attack. He collapsed on the ground. The voices become louder and louder, His heart ready to burst from his chest.


Slowly he came back to his senses, But not quite. He quickly scrambled to his feet eventually exiting the alley in which he lay. The entire street was devoid of life, only the quiet whispers of his mind and the shadows he sees just out of view. As the world around him dimmed, The silent buzz of the streetlights leading him down the open street of what he now knows is stockholm. The lights that guide him lead him to a passage to the underground train station. His heels click on the steps as he moves further down into the dark.


The eerie lights cast an already haunting glow on the scene in front of Sean. Dormant, uncanny people fill the space. Their presence is wrong, like dissonant notes in an already broken song. Sean Moved past them. Feeling their gazes crawling through him as he makes his way to the dock. He feels all their cold, empty eyes staring into his back, Their quiet footsteps inching closer as The voices that plague his mind get louder and louder. He steps closer to the edge, the screech of the rails echo through the tunnel indicating the approach of a train. As Sean quickly lost his mind in the midst of his episode. He walked off the edge, right into the oncoming train's path.


For a moment, Sean had the realisation of what he was doing. A flash of clarity in his final moments. As the train approached, The warm light of the headlight engulfed him like a warm blanket. All he could think about was the peace he would feel. When all is unmoving and gone.

